Add Stimulus Radio Uncheck component (#3)
dotruby/stimulus-components: docs/content/docs/stimulus-radio-uncheck.md

---
title: Radio Uncheck

> description: A Stimulus controller to uncheck radio buttons.

Author: ```suggestion
description: A Stimulus controller for unchecking all radio buttons in a group.
```

package: radio-uncheck
packagePath: "@stimulus-components/radio-uncheck"
isNew: true
---

## Installation

:installation-block{:package="package" :packagePath="packagePath" controllerName="radio-uncheck"}

## Examples

:radio-uncheck

## Usage

::code-block{tabName="app/views/index.html"}

```html
<div data-controller="radio-uncheck">
  <input type="radio" name="radio" value="1" data-radio-uncheck-target="input" />
  <label for="radio-1">Radio 1</label>
  <input type="radio" name="radio" value="2" data-radio-uncheck-target="input" />
  <label for="radio-2">Radio 2</label>
  <input type="radio" name="radio" value="3" data-radio-uncheck-target="input" />
  <label for="radio-3">Radio 3</label>

>   <button data-action="click->radio-uncheck#uncheck">Uncheck</button>

Author: ```suggestion
  <button data-action="radio-uncheck#uncheck">Uncheck</button>
```
